{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13300\viewh12720\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 MySQL Server 8.0\
- MySQL Server 8.0 is a robust SQL (Structured Query Language) database server intended for mission-critical, heavy-load production systems. It is created by Oracle and is an open-source product licensed under GNU. This is used to handle the back-end database storage for the project.\
\
Windows 11\
- Windows 11 is an operating system created by Microsoft which introduces a new interface complete with a centered Start Menu and rounded corners. Other than the interface, Windows 11 also hosts new back-end technologies like Hyper-V GPU Paravirtualization which allows virtual machines to have access to a system\'92s GPU for 3D work.\
\
macOS Ventura\
- macOS Ventura is Apple\'92s latest operating system. This operating system is used for the designing for the front-end, testing, scheduling and a lot of the development work. macOS\'92s tools like Pages, UNIX-based Terminal, phenomenal user experience and support for iOS development allows developers to easily perform these tasks with ease.\
\
Ubuntu 23.04\
- Canonical\'92s new flavor of Ubuntu, Lunar Lobster, offers a better experience for Linux users. This operating system is based on Linux and designed to mostly handle server-side work. Ubuntu Server has been praised for its top-tier reliability, efficiency and speed.\
\
GPT4All\
- GPT4All is a text-generative software which is used to easily deploy and utilize Self-Hosted AI applications.\
\
LLaMA 2\
- LLaMA 2 is a second-generation open-source large language model (LLM) from Meta. It is what\'92s used in the project as the main chatbot system. \
\
ReactJS\
- ReactJS is a popular open-source JavaScript library. It is an alternative to Angular and Flutter and is used to build front-end interfaces for Web Applications.\
\
\
Node.js\
- Node.js is a JavaScript runtime environment that is responsible for handling ReactJS and is mainly designed to build scalable network applications in an asynchronous event-driven manner.\
\
Spring Boot\
- Pivotal\'92s Spring Boot makes it easy to create stand-alone, production-grade Spring based Applications that you can \'93just run\'94. It takes an opinionated view of the Spring platform and third-party libraries so you can get started with minimum fuss. This is used to handle the back-end and authentication services for the project.\
\
IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate\
- Jetbrains\'92s IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate is a full-featured Java and Kotlin IDE that provides everything you need out of the box, including built-in developer tools such as database tools and profilers, web and enterprise frameworks, remote development, and much more. This IDE is used to write and execute Spring Boot code to handle the back-end technologies for this project.\
\
Visual Studio Code\
- Microsoft\'92s popular text editor, Visual Studio Code, is a lightweight but powerful source code editor that runs on Windows, macOS, Linux. It has support for editing JavaScript, TypeScript, and Node.js and has a rich ecosystem of plugins for other languages, runtimes and extensions which can be utilized to speed up and optimize development. In this case, Visual Studio Code is used to develop the ReactJS and Python code for the project.\
\
Java\
- Java is a high-level programming language developed by Sun Microsystems (now owned by Oracle). It is an object-oriented and class-based language designed to have few implementation dependencies as possible.\
\
JWT (JSON Web Tokens)\
- JWT is an open standard (RFC 7519) system that defines a compact and self-contained way for securely transmitting information between parties as a JSON object. This information can be verified and trusted because it utilizes digital signatures. In the project, this is used to handle the login systems and secure transactions of user credentials for both the front-end and back-end systems.\
\
Bootstrap\
- Bootstrap is a free and open-source CSS framework directed at responsive, mobile-first front-end web development. It contains CSS- and JavaScript-based design templates for typography, forms, buttons, navigation, and other interface components. In the project, Bootstrap is used to handle the interface design to ensure equal and responsive design for everyone.\
\
APIs\
- An API, or Application Programming Interface, is a set of rules that enable different applications to communicate with each other. It acts as an intermediary layer that processes data transfers between systems, letting companies open their application data and functionality to external third-party developers, business partners and internal departments within their companies.\
\
RESTFul APIs:\
- RESTFul API is an interface that two computer systems use to exchange information securely over the internet. Most business applications have to communicate with other internal and third-party applications to perform various tasks. RESTFul APIs support this information exchange because they follow secure, reliable, and efficient software communication standards. In this project. APIs are used to handle the registration and other transaction-based systems.\
\
Python\
- Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. Its high level built-in data structures, combined with dynamic typing and dynamic binding, make it very attractive for Rapid Application Development, as well as for use as a scripting or glue language to connect existing components together.\
\
Flask\
- Flask is a micro web framework written in Python. It is considered as a microframework because it does not require particular tools or libraries. It has no database abstraction layer, form validation, or any other components where pre-existing third-party libraries provide common functions. However, Flask supports extensions that can add application features as if they were implemented in Flask itself.}